feat(changelog): containers-added-trigger-private-containers-from-messag 2023-10-20 (#2292)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2023/2023-10-20-containers-added-trigger-private-containers-from-messag.mdx

---
title: Trigger private containers from Messaging and Queuing (SQS/NATS)
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-10-20
category: serverless
product: containers
---

It is now possible to create SQS and NATS triggers on private containers.

> Note: for now, changing the privacy of a container from public to private will require the user to delete and recreate the existing triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Message type="now">
  For now, changing the privacy of a container from public to private will require the user to delete and recreate the existing triggers.
</Message>
```
